Jesus says, Therefore doth my Father love me, because I lay down my life, that I might take it again. (Jn 10:17). Again Jesus says, But that the world may know that I love the Father; and as the Father gave me commandment, even so I do... (Jn 14:31) . The obedience of Jesus to the Father was the expression of His love to the Father. Jesus obeyed the commandment of the Father as evidence of His love to the Father.
In a similar vein, Jesus expects that those that claim to love Him should obey His commandments. Jesus says, If ye love me, keep my commandments. (Jn 14:15).
What has He said to us? What does He expect us to obey? In most cultures, the last word of dying person is usually taken seriously by the children When Jacob was dying, he told his children to carry His corpse from Egypt to burry in Canaan. They obeyed him. That obedience was a sign of love and regard to their father.
Similarly, the last words of Jesus before going back to heaven was, "Therefore go and make disciples of all nations... "(Matt 28:19 NIV). This was the last words of Jesus to His disciples as He ascended to heaven. Our obedience is the prove of our love. Jn 14:15 says, If ye love me, keep my commandments. Jesus expressed it emotionally this way, "And why call ye me, Lord, Lord, and do not the things which I say?" Compliance with this command is the expression of your love for Him Compliance is the expression of our submission to His Lordship It takes love for souls to go for souls. God loves souls, He sent Jesus to die for souls.
Jesus loves souls, He came for souls. If you love God, you will go for souls. In a moment, think back. Rewind! When you first gave your life to Christ, you loved God. You loved Jesus.
You loved souls! What's happening now? It seems your love has died. You seem too busy for the Lord. Your time is too precious to give for evangelism. You can't make sacrifices for souls to be saved. Now, you can disobey the Great Commission with excuses. Now, you can disobey the Lord without guilt. Your love for the Lord is either dead or in a coma.
May the Lord awaken your love for Him. May you passionately love what God loves. May the fire of His love set your soul on fire for the souls of people around you. May your love for the Lord be shown in your obedience to the Great Commission
